Adding fingerprint info. (#1118)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/cryptography-pgp.adoc

This document assumes that you are reasonably familiar with PGP encryption, as well as the concepts of public and private keys and asymmetric cryptography.

== Key Structure

> 

Reviewer: I have not yet encountered "properties" in my editing here and so I am not certain why they are formatted in italic.
Are these variable values? Is so, should they also be in computer/syntax font?
Or is the italic for emphasis? If so, we want to do that rarely.
I don't think we want italic here, but I am not sure how to format properties or algorithms.

Reviewer: Please let me know what you decide, so that I can document it in the style ref.

A key can contain subkeys, according to the RFC-4880 standard specification. When working with subkeys, use the _fingerprint_ property to specify the key to use.

> For example, if you use different keys for signing and encrypting operations, and each of these keys use different algorithms like _DSA_ and _ElGamal_, then you must reference each key's _fingerprint_ depending on the operation you want to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you use different keys for signing and encrypting operations, and each of these keys use different algorithms, like _DSA_ and _ElGamal_, then you must reference the appropriate key's fingerprint, depending on the operation you want to perform.
```

> In this case you reference the _ElGamal_ fingerprint to encrypt your messages, and the _DSA_ fingerprint to sign your messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you reference the _ElGamal_ fingerprint to encrypt your messages and the _DSA_ fingerprint to sign your messages.
```

|===

> | Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

Reviewer: I looked at this table in output and noticed that the right two columns are underutilized.
I wonder if we might replace these tables, which include a lot of narrative, with definition lists in which the list item is the field and type and the definition includes the default value and requirement?
However, if your audience wants to compare/contrast the fields, table format might be necessary.
See the style ref. entry for tables for further guidance.

| Fingerprint a| String | The Fingerprint of the configured key |  |

> | Principal a| String | A combination of name and email specified while generating the key. When you use this field you will be using the primary key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Principal a| String | A combination of name and email specified while generating the key. When you use this field, you use the primary key.
```

> Do not use this field when you are using keys with different algorithms to sign and encrypt (e.g: DSA and Elgamal), use _fingerprint_ instead to specify the proper key. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use this field when you are using keys with different algorithms to sign and encrypt (for example, DSA and Elgamal); specify the proper key by using _fingerprint_ instead. |  |
```
